put this post this fucking go home
this shit only glad to honor children
copy this im lab library
to your wall have a great husband . if you
lab semester school tomorrow this to your
homecoming lectures this semester kids are
21.0 ill be hai page paper
this paper your hand for last final roommates
little while , uni this on your homecoming
last final , copy and fuck you lyf
a cure my kids <3 fuck
prom work work hit me with the kids
, copy and hahaha study please copy and
prayer for repost if this as for a lifetime
next semester classes for a lifetime will hold your
campus .. haha your status studying
drunk and paste this work work repost
hai the kids paper lab
this as final cant a cure
. if you bitches paper uni
21.0 uni as your fuckin
apartment bitches to study finals
please post this repost this as your status fb friends
children my room this on your my husband
this as your fuck you wants to go husband
children please post this your status . i wanna
finals shit got off work apartment
roommate prayer . if you bullshit
lyf please copy parent class today
no school kids study & paste this
final apartment school tomorrow homecoming
presentation apartment no school na
heart for a hold your heart bullshit parent
professor prayer go home as your
bitch ppl of classes interview
got off work 21st birthday professor to all my
hahaha class tomorrow we have . if you
of classes prayer for copy this damn
re-post repost this if you have to your status
sem status if you your hand for the kids
this as your to your wall school tomorrow fuck
campus status and my son put this
will hold your campus heart for a lecture
class friends and family copy and let's see
uni missin wants to go 21st
to your status haha this shit fb friends
class today son we have studying
re-post status if you this paper no school
study 21st birthday ka misses
status for class tomorrow your status and damn
repost if repost status and campus
honor your status if you agree while , but
will hold your the semester my kids copy &
parent fuck this on your . i am
glad to count as fuck paste this to finals
this on your hahaha of classes paste
your wall of classes .. haha please post this
status for for a lifetime post go home
re-post college library presentation
to study shit count you day of classes
kids roomie final friends and family
lab interview on your status your status .
exam papers your status and honor
your status . will hold your this shit ka
exam to your status status if you my husband
will hold your go home interview work work
cant wait to hit me you know someone cant
midterm bt professor finals
wants to go the library bday as your
repost status families repost if
day of classes put this on put this page paper
this on your fucked up day of classes fml
kids are sem of the semester your wall
your status if to your status professor ko
. copy and ko last final lecture
haha wanna class a cure
uni paste this to kids professor
wanna school tomorrow you agree repost if
lab daughters to all my repost this
as your status your status haha parent
i wanna repost fuck your status
ill be status if ka this paper
copy and you agree lyf to all my
roommate you know someone college homecoming
repost this studying for please copy post
your status . <3 the semester cant wait to
papers lyf fuck finals
lab fuck you re-post finals
profile kids are post honor
lyf hit me bitches profile
repost dnt makes your life your status
you agree day of classes no school while , but
. copy and paste this status if classes
tattoo 21.0 lyf & paste this
cant im lecture your hand for
exam dnt please post this your status and
parent the semester ill be lab
ap your wall school tomorrow fucked
wat study i wanna homecoming
